refactor (#336)
KxSystems/docs: docs/learn/install.md

_You can run kdb+ on Linux, macOS, or Windows_

## :fontawesome-solid-download: Step 1: Download

=== "Non-commercial users"

    <button style="background: #0088ff; border-radius: 5px; box-shadow: 0 3px 1px -2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2), 0 2px 2px 0 rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.14), 0 1px 5px 0 rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.12); padding: 10px;" type="button">
      <a href="https://kx.com/kdb-personal-edition-download/" style="color: white">
        <span style="font-size: 2em;">:fontawesome-solid-download: Get kdb+</span><br/>Personal, non-commercial
        :fontawesome-brands-linux:
        :fontawesome-brands-apple:
        :fontawesome-brands-windows:
      </a>
    </button>

    The 64-bit kdb+ Personal Edition interpreter is licensed for non-commercial use. 
    It is not licensed for use on cloud servers.
    
    The provided license-key file (`kc.lic`) requires an always-on Internet connection. 

=== "Commercial users"

>     Commercial versions of kdb+ are available to customers from [downloads.kx.com](https://downloads.kx.com). (Credentials are available from customers’ [Designated Contacts](licensing.md#obtain-a-license-key-file)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Commercial versions of kdb+ are available to customers from [downloads.kx.com](https://downloads.kx.com). Credentials are available from the customer's [Designated Contacts](licensing.md#obtain-a-license-key-file).
```

q)
```

## Further customization

### rlwrap for Linux and macOS

> On Linux and macOS the `rlwrap` command allows the Up arrow to retrieve earlier expressions in the q session. It is very useful and we recommend installing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux and macOS, the `rlwrap` command allows the Up arrow to retrieve earlier expressions in the q session. This can be very useful and it is recommended you install it.
```

> Run `rlwrap -v` to check if currently installed. If not, install `rlwrap` using your [package manager](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Package_manager "Wikipedia"). (Common package managers: `apt`, `dnf` and `yum` for Linux; [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) and [MacPorts](https://www.macports.org/) for macOS.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `rlwrap -v` to check if it's currently installed. If not, install `rlwrap` using your [package manager](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Package_manager "Wikipedia"). Common package managers are: `apt`, `dnf` and `yum` for Linux, and [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) and [MacPorts](https://www.macports.org/) for macOS.
```

After installation, the q command can be changed to always run with `rlwrap`:
```bash
alias q="rlwap -r q"
```

> This can be added to the end of the users [profile](#step-5-edit-your-profile) to take affect on every session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be added to the end of the user's [profile](#step-5-edit-your-profile) to take effect on every session.
```
